- [1. Star Story](#1-star-story)
  - [1.1. Life on Earth](#11-life-on-earth)
    - [1.1.1. Hates her life](#111-hates-her-life)
    - [1.1.2. Get's to work and tries to hide in plain sight](#112-gets-to-work-and-tries-to-hide-in-plain-sight)
    - [1.1.3. Space museum visit](#113-space-museum-visit)
    - [1.1.4. Back at work being told off](#114-back-at-work-being-told-off)
    - [1.1.5. In secret lab](#115-in-secret-lab)
    - [1.1.6. Plan to give his formula to UKSA](#116-plan-to-give-his-formula-to-uksa)
    - [1.1.7. Running from space station, she's been framed for theft](#117-running-from-space-station-shes-been-framed-for-theft)
    - [1.1.8. Sneaking into museum](#118-sneaking-into-museum)
  - [1.2. First Contact](#12-first-contact)
    - [1.2.1. Escapes into space and gets picked up by aliens](#121-escapes-into-space-and-gets-picked-up-by-aliens)
    - [1.2.2. Tested on in space](#122-tested-on-in-space)
    - [1.2.3. Taken to sex chamber](#123-taken-to-sex-chamber)
    - [1.2.4. Given a chance to escape](#124-given-a-chance-to-escape)
  - [1.3. Second Chance](#13-second-chance)
    - [1.3.1. Escapes into escape pod](#131-escapes-into-escape-pod)
    - [1.3.2. Getting the outfit she needs to survive](#132-getting-the-outfit-she-needs-to-survive)
    - [1.3.3. Learning about society in Space](#133-learning-about-society-in-space)
    - [1.3.4. Making friends](#134-making-friends)
    - [1.3.5. Learning the stories of her adventures](#135-learning-the-stories-of-her-adventures)
      - [1.3.5.1. Not trusting of anyone](#1351-not-trusting-of-anyone)
      - [1.3.5.2. Love for space](#1352-love-for-space)
    - [1.3.6. Guy inviting her to see more wonders of space](#136-guy-inviting-her-to-see-more-wonders-of-space)
  - [1.4. Introduction to space flight and her calling in life](#14-introduction-to-space-flight-and-her-calling-in-life)
    - [1.4.1. Nomad Helper](#141-nomad-helper)
      - [1.4.1.1. Scenario 1 - Stealthy](#1411-scenario-1---stealthy)
      - [1.4.1.2. Scenario 2 - Strength](#1412-scenario-2---strength)
      - [1.4.1.3. Scenario 3 - Numbers](#1413-scenario-3---numbers)

# 1. Star Story

**Character is FEMALE** Can't be bothered to change words to suit

## 1.1. Life on Earth

### 1.1.1. Hates her life

He wakes up to his boring flat he can barely afford to banging on the wall again.  His neighbors are having sex for the 5th time tonight.  He's complained about the noise before but got fined by the landlord for disturbing the peace.  He can't go one day without people hating him.  His parents didn't even love him as a child.  As an accident his parents never treated him with any respect.  He was the reason they couldn't go on their world tour since they had to pay for everything for him.  It didn't stop them going tho, and they never even returned.  He assumes they must have realised their life would be better without him in it.  When he'd finished making breakfast for himself, and the neighbors had finished round 6 he heard a knock on the door.  The landlord had called the cops on them for a noise complaint.  They chatted to him and he tried to tell them it was the neighbors but they were having none of it.  By the time they left he was left with muddy foot prints on his carpeted floor and a fine for £500 for uncooperation.  Who puts a carpet floor into a house when, to get to the house, you need to treck through a muddy path to get to the house.  He finishes up his breakfast and burns the fine on the kitchen table.  The landlord is gonna hate him for burning something but he doesn't care anymore, it's not like his life would be any better if he didn't do that.  His final task before heading to work, ugh work, is to lock the door which no longer has a lock on it. His method is to close the door, lifting the handle and hoping someone just pulls at it rather than trying to open it.

### 1.1.2. Get's to work and tries to hide in plain sight

At work he slides into the office without talking to anyone.  His plan is to do his work and then leave without getting into any sort of trouble, or even get noticed at all.  If he were to get noticed they'd for sure dump some more work on him and force him to work late into the night.  Even though it would mean there would be no-one around to get on his nerves, it does also mean he'd miss out on his favourite part of the day.  He's got this sweet isolated place only he knows about.  He's been experimenting with rocket fuel recently as he's so interested in space and space flight that he's hoping a breakthrough in this will mean that he will get recognised positively by everyone and it will break him into a career he loves.  This has been ongoing for years but he's not been able to perfect it yet.  He has found a guide online which shows some tests he can do to test his fuel and see if it's going to work.  His thoughts wander to his trip to the space center museum the weekend just gone.  Where most people would spend a few hours there looking at the exhibits and then leave, he ends up spending hours reading each and every exhibit learning so much about everything, and most likely annoying the crap out of the staff there with endless questions about things they're only hired to look after.

### 1.1.3. Space museum visit

[ The weekend just gone ]
As he pulls up in his small wreck of a car the grandure of the space center museum becomes apparent.  From the ginormous rocket stood very regal on the front, to the big windowed entrance which teases what is to come.  His first few hours of his trip will be spent looking in all the exhibits he has already explored but the real fun comes when he finds the parts he's never seen before.  As he enters he's greeted by some of the older museum staff as they've seen him enough times to know who he is.  The lady at the till also recognises him and gets the payment ready for him to just swipe.  This is the best part about them recognising him because he wastes less time speaking to them to get the ticket to come in.  The downside is they never seem to be in his section when he's got a question.  He has to go searching for someone to ask it to.  As he gets to the new section one of the staff which doesn't hate him just yet gets his attention.  They've just got a new thing in which has only recently been created by the team at the UK Space Agency, a shuttle designed to go from the ground all the way to the ISS without using many resources.  They get into the staff only section at the back and he's shown the beauty standing in the rain outside.  It's not currently got a space inside to protect it from the elements, it'll be a few months before they can show it off but they thought this might be perfect to show the space fanatic.  He absolutely loved the look of the new exhibit and asked tonnes of questions about it. Why is it not being used?  The fuel needed to fly it doesn't exist and they can't seem to create it.  Is it the real thing?  Sure is, the guys who own the museum got first pick of the prototype as they have direct ties with the UKSA.  He was only allowed half an hour before they had to protect it from the elements.  If even a small part of it rusts they'll have hell to pay, breaking a prototype, and the only one in existance as well.  With that ended he had to go and sit down for a while.  Such a fresh new discovery for him to mull over.  The fact that he's the first person to see it as well.  It's absolutely amazing.

### 1.1.4. Back at work being told off

[ Back in the present ]
His daydream about his fantastic weekend had ended very abruptly due to all the unusual raucous. This could only mean one thing, it was lunch time.  The subtle hint supporting that is that his desk had suddenly become a maze of paperwork, his co-workers wanted finishing whilst they were out.  He did it because if he didn't the boss would discipline him for not doing his work properly. He left his work and got to work on the many files which had found themselves scattered on his desk.  This was all finished very quickly as he needed to get it done before everyone had gotten back.  With only one form left to fill in everyone funneled back into the office.  The last file meant only one thing.  He was going to get a bollocking from the boss.  Everyone graciously, and without acknowledging the guy who was sat right in front of them, took their work back and returned to their desks to chat some more since all their work was now done.  Not 5 minutes later his name bellowed from the bosses room.  One staff member came out of the office as he approached smiling at [MAIN GUY] as he walked away.  In the office the boss gave him a 10 minute lecture on how he is single handedly ruining this office with his sloppy work.  If he was going to politely loose his lunch to help a co-worker who was struggling with finishing his own work then he'd better finish the job at least.  The feeble attempts to defend himself fell on deaf ears and he left the office with a written warning.  This could go up in flames alongside his other dissapointments he'd burnt in his kitchen.  As the day ended and he'd imaginged punching everyone in the office over and over for the last few hours he knew he'd have a fun evening with his personal project.

### 1.1.5. In secret lab

He'd managed to get out of the office without being given anymore work from his peers.  I guess they didn't catch him leaving.  He pulled up to the spot where he's been testing his fuel mixtures and gets started with mixing his next batch.  He's been noting down all his failings in a notebook which doesn't leave his side and writing down some future mixtures which he will be trying in the near future.  From all the cupboards and drawers of this abandoned hut in the middle of nowhere he pulled out flasks and tubs of ingredients which he intended to use this evening.  The fist mixture had passed his first few tests.  it burnt with the right colour, the temperature gauge registered the correct temperature but suddenly the colour changed very suddenly to a very dangerous colour and he had to quickly put the lid on the tub before it blew up.  He fell back into the seat and breathed a sigh of relief.  That colour had happened before and he lost a lot of flasks to that session.  Suddenly the canister popped it's lid off with the pressure of the gasses building up within the container.  This made the guy freak out thinking it had stayed lit somehow and had managed to blow up his entire work.  Luckily it hadn't, and after a few more minutes passing to compose himself he got started on his last mixture of the day.  The tests seemed to be going well.  The colour stayed consistent, the temperature didn't fluctuate, the height of the flame reached it's peak right where it was supposed to, and the other tests he faced it with it had passed with flying colours.  This means his dream is being realised, he's going to be recognised for his accomplishments and get his dream job working in the UKSA.

### 1.1.6. Plan to give his formula to UKSA

The day after he woke up in record time.  No feeling upset or worrying about his neighbors roudy bedroom routine.  It was all background noise to him now.  He decided to get straight to work sorting his trip to the UKSA mapped out, his bags packed and the train tickets sorted out.  He's made this plan many times before in his head so he knows exactly what to do.  His plan is to get to the HQ by 10 and show them all his discovery through the window until they let him in to discuss what he's got.  The train trip was tense and he felt all eyes on him.  However this time it didn't seem so judgementally this time.  This time he felt like they didn't mind him being there.  He felt accepted by the world.  This is when it all changed.  Seeing Swindon out the window made his heart skip a beat.  The butterflies in his stomache really didn't want to be there.  With all of their attempts to get out he was expecting to throw up breakfast any time soon.  Outside the building he noted that the windows were all facing a car park.  Quite full at this hour but nothing which would hinder his plan.  With the speaker in hand and his breakfast in an alley nearby he got to work selling his new invention to the right audience.  In no time at all he had a bunch of eyes watching him work.  This seemed to work because after a few minutes he was ushured into the building and sat into a room on his own.  He was so nervous he didn't even get to wondering where everyone was.  He just took the time to get himself sorted out so he could actually speak to people.  After a brief chat about how he came to aquire the recipe and where he perfected his formula.  How did he know they were looking for this fuel?  He answered all their questions but didn't tell them the formula.  He was keeping that very close to his chest.  They let him know that they are very interested in chatting to him about his formula but they need to go away and chat about bits.  They let him roam around the office and get a coffee whilst he's waiting.  He decides to get a bit of air whilst he's waiting, the window nearby is open and he decides to lean out with his coffee.  He feels like he's managed to get somewhere with his life. He begins to listen to all the noises of the town, the trains, people, cars and sirens.  There is one which is fairly promenent.  He spots the police car trying to get through some traffic a little way off.  That will be the reason for the sirens then.  The fleeting gances he sees of this car seem to show it getting closer.  He starts to feel uneasy about the situation.  What if they've found a reason to get him detained so they can get their hands on the formula without the need for him?  Suddenly he wants to get out, before the inevitable happens.

### 1.1.7. Running from space station, she's been framed for theft

Hiding in the alley near the station he notices  the officers hurrying into the building.  Why else would they be there but to arrest him.  Maybe they're planning on charging him with forgery, theft, or even tresspassing.  Whatever it is he's not going to come off good from that interraction.  His anger starts to boil over. How can people be this selfish & rude.  He's just trying to live his life as best he can but everything seems to work against him.  Before the trains get overrun with officers looking for him he decides to jump on the next train out of town.  He's not going to go home because they'll be waiting there for him, instead he has decided to finish his story on his own terms.  Being arrested isn't where he sees himself going.  Instead he's going to make a few stops on the way to his final goal.  The first stop is a hardware shop in a nearby village.  At the train stop he spots a few dodgy looking people on the platform.  They must be officers waiting to arrest him.  Who else could they be?  ON her way to the furthest section of the train she grabs a jacket from an empty chair, she's going to try and sneak out of the station without being spotted.  Her jacket was left on the back of a chair whos occupier can't tactically be seen from the station, this is a good way of throwing them off her scent.  At least until she gets out the station.  As she alights the train she notices a few officers boarding with their eyes trained on the jacket.  With her hair down and ruffled slightly she is able to confidently walk out of the station without being looked at suspiciously.  Well apart from a rookie near the other side of the train who isn't too confident in his abilities yet but suspects her all the same.  His uncertain rookie nature is activated when she smiles at him.  she knows confidence and not wanting to hide will be enough to throw off the suspicion.  Outside the station she shakes off the nerves and false persona, this is game time now.  She needs to find the hardware shop and make her way unseen to her final stop.  Walking through the small town she again feels eyes all over her.  Except with the addition of the police looking for her she feels a little more in the spotlight.  Ducking into an alleyway as she sees some officers turning the corner she knows she's close.  Probably only behind the shop she's wanting to go into,  she just needs to make her way round first without being seen.  This shop is on the busiest street in town so she needs to reignite her confidence to get into the shop unseen.  With a little shake of the head and hands she walks out onto the street, her backpack might give it away but with her walk she feels like shes making good ground without arousing suspicion.  She manages to get into the shop without being seen and is able to shop in piece.  The few ingredients she needs ll happen to be in stock, she can't afford to wait until they're back in stock of course because she's a wanted criminal.  Well according to the law anyway.  With everything now in her posession she heads back to the alley to get her brain straight.  She managed to pickup a map from the shop which she can use to help get her route planned out.  Noting out where she is and where she's going she's able to plan a route which leads her out of town and straight to the building she's after.  The next step is just getting out of sight.  It was hard enough getting in here but she needs to leave the alley without being noticed.  It felt easier earlier but now there looks to be more police on the ground.  All doing patrols in very random fashions.  She went for it, no holding back she needed to get out at some point.  And it was going well until half way across the street when someone in her peripherals spotted her.  They started towards her so she dashed for the dyke.  Her safe space from the officers.  In doing so she dropped her map on the other side of the embankment.  There was no time to retrieve it.  She knew where she was going anyway.  And so off she ran.  It was odd going from tall buildings straight into a partially wooded area but she wasn't complaining.  It gave her cover to get out of sight quickly.  The next hour would be long.  A lot of ducking and weaving since she can't take the direct route

### 1.1.8. Sneaking into museum

Climbing fences and crawling through bushes she begins to see the building in the distance.  The magnificence of the space center museum was almost too much to handle.  Her final stop was now in sight and it was beautiful.  The final layer of trees provided enough cover but enough vision to see that the police had already found where she was going.  She needed to find a back way in and quickly.  The field she had found herself happened to wind its way behind the building.  She knew there was going to be police round there.  Why would they not patrol the back of the building.  From her many visits to the building she had figured out every nook and cranny of the building.  Her love for space and exploration had allowed her to sneak around the entire building.  She knew it as if it were her home.  It technically was really.  She had snuck slowly through the shrubbery edging ever closer to the building.  Staying still when people were nearby and even almost getting pissed on by an officer who couldn't hold it in.  She had got to the corner of the building now and the crack inbetween the building and an outhouse was within reach.  She braced herself and checked the officers nearby, they were not looking when she made a quiet break for it.  In the small alley, only just big enough to fit her.  She made it a little way and started upwards.  The end of the alley was cut off by a fence but some height would make it easy to scale.  Her slender build made it easy for her to get through where people would usually get stuck.  Nearing the top of the fence she was able to see over the outhouse.  The officers had spread all across the court, car park, and the field.  From here she could also see the entire back yard of the building.  The bit of equipment she was heading for happened to be on the other side of the site.  So much ground to cover and all without being seen.  Her next step was to get to the floor without making a sound.  She couldn't do that.  But maybe she could create a distraction.  On the other side of the wall there was a drainage pipe which lead to the floor.  Being pearched in this optimum place she decided to mix her formula and getir prepared to use.  The hardware store equipment was coming in handy, the formula she was fighting to protect from the rest of the world was her ticket out of here.  With the perfect amount of formula mixed she was able to create a little more for a distraction.  With the help from some of her elastic bag straps she aimed the container at a tree bordering the site.  Of course you can never get a perfect shot and it flew off and landed on her direct path to the shuttle.  No time to wallow as she had a time limit to get to the equipment now.  She slid down the gutter and shot off behind a container.  "Hey!"  She darted off contouring the edge of the site, covered partially by containers.  On her way past a large stone she scooped it up and threw it at the door.  This created a large bang which attracted her hunters.  She had successfully distracted them this time.  WIth the perfect opportunity showing itsself she slid under the cover hiding the equipment she was looking for.  Even from less than a millimetre away from the shuttle, the space shuttle (from earlier on in the story) looked magnificent.  She shimmied herself around the shuttle and found the fuel container.  Her formula was built for this.  By the time it was full only a few moments later she could hear all of the officers from the field approaching.  If she didn't get into the cockpit soon her feet would be seen for sure.  Sitting in the cockpit now she had to get the startup sequence started.  From the little information she'd learnt over the years and from what was written about this machine she was able to get it powering up.  She had a minute to get herself to safety.  The engine noise by now had alerted everyone to her location but she didn't care.  She was on her way out.  Her last act before closing the cockpit shutter was to light the cover on fire.  It was waterproof but found itsself very susceptable to flames.  Within 20 seconds the cover had completely burnt up and was now burning on the floor surrounding her.  All around her the police were shouting at her to power down the machine.  She knew they couldn't do anything about it because they didn't want to get burnt by the rocket engine.  She only had a few seconds left on the timer and felt like she was running out of time.  She was right because as she looked out the window she saw a swat van screeching to a halt in the car park nearby.  This was the perfect time to set off before she gets blown up.  Suddenly the screen lit up with the words.  "Ready for Take Off" to which she responded to with the engine start button.  As a test easy-use rocket it didn't take too long for the computer to route a course out of the atmosphere and into orbit.  Her heart skipped a beat.  It felt like what people had described love as.  All her worries stayed on the ground as she lifted up and away from the officers and her bad luck.  The sky got closer, and further away at the time.  The beauty of the stars slowly emerged in front of her.  She wanted to die in space.  The atmosphere was the prison, and her destiny was up above the atmosphere.

## 1.2. First Contact

### 1.2.1. Escapes into space and gets picked up by aliens

(Inspiration from the song 'Masturbate in Space') As space drew closer and the ground got further away.  Her miserable life over, she felt a sense of relief and extacy.  The thought of dying in space, the place she's only dreamed of her entire life, made her feel like touching herself.  The rush of emotions all at once took control and her hand inched her top up and unbucked her trousers.  In the beginning she went slow, only edging for a little longer until she heard the ship run out of fuel.  This urged her to remove all her clothes in a frenzy of hormones.  The cold embrace of space made her feel warm inside ironically.  She started rubbing her neck and hoping for her betrothed to start starving her of what she so desperately needed to stay in this hell hole.  Just as soon as she'd orgasmed for the third time she started feeling the lack of oxygen creeping in.  It turned her on more which only hurried up her fourth.  The darkness and the closing feeling on her throat finished her on her fifth.  With nothing left to give she decided to spend the next few moments gazing upon the stars which seemed much brighter now she's dying.  The brightest star was soon overshadowed by a blinding light appearing from above.  She initially assumed it was the sun but then she remembered she could already see the sun to the bottom right of her ship.  With this new information she decided to pay this new light some attention.  It slowly grew closer and until it consumed her entire window.  Now all she can see is this light.  It seemed to be moving quite quickly for a star, especially one of that size.  As it moved closer she could make out the shapes of unnatural objects moving with it.  This looked like a big object was coming to pick her up.  Before she knew it the fate she was waiting for started to accelerate her condition as she passed out.  The last things she saw were life forms peeping in the window of her shuttle.

### 1.2.2. Tested on in space

Beeping and bright lights woke her back up from her extended nap.  She initially forgot she was anywhere other than home.  She would sometimes wake up to noises like this as construction machines moved past her window.  She did then remember passing out naked in space.  How was she still alive?  And where was she?  These are questions she'd be able to answer when she managed to open her eyes.  Her eyelids seemed to be unusually heavy at the minute.  Like her muscles were still waking up.  In fact her entire body felt like this.  She noticed this whilst trying to remove the obstruction which felt like it was holding her eyes shut.  She couldn't move her arms either.  After a few long moments and strange voices moving around her she managed to open her eyes.  When her eyes opened she could see a group of them standing in a semi-circle in front of her.  One by one they spoke gibberish until one just to the left of her stationary eyeline spoke in perfect english "Which one of us can you understand?"  This stimulated an unconcious response to twitch slightly.  Within seconds she drifted off, the body she had no control over seemed like it wasn't hers anymore.  She was just existing within this shell of a body whilst the rest of the universe move on by.  When she again woke up she could control her limbs again but she seemed to be stood up already.  Is she really in control anymore?  Looking around she could see lots of very varied bodies all standing and facing forward.  They all stood behind a curtain in perfect formation.  She dug through her memories to figure out whats going on until she recalled again that she'd been naked in the ship before she passed out.  Looking down she was still in this predicament sparking an immediate response to cover herself up.  Screaming started erupting from the side of the stage.  This scary alien started charging towards her with a long stick shouting in english now.  "Stand up straight and put your arms down!"  The speed at which he is moving makes her flinch more away from him, which only angers him further.  As soon as the stick touches her she feels like there's a needle being poked in every pore on her body.  Her limbs all tense up as she falls on the floor in a ball.  The shouting seems to die down and she can feel him standing over her.  Like a ragdoll she is flung back onto her feet and they inject her with something which suddenly stiffens her whole body up.  As everything is slowly getting darker and further away the curtains are drawn.  The sheer scale of what she can see seems to delay her passing out, the thousands of objects floating in the misty brown sky and the sea of different sized life forms that all seemed to be here to watch whatever she's here for.  As she's trying to figure out where she is her vision completely goes black.  It feels like she's being dragged away from her body as the sound of the audience seems to be slowly dying down.

### 1.2.3. Taken to sex chamber

Jolted awake she finds herself laying on a rock hard bed in a dark room, why is she always waking up somewhere new?  Some strange noises come from the door which jolts her head to face that direction.  "I said get up you're seeing the master now!".  Confused, but not wanting to be electricuted again, she jumps out of bed.  The being leaves as soon as she does before she's able to ask "I need something to wear!"  She starts to rush around the completely empty bed to find anything she can use as an outfit but as she's doing this the creature comes back in and drags her out by her hair.  Throwing her on the floor in a big room she looks around for something and settles on a rather large, human like, being sat on a chair at the end of the room.  Another smaller being stood next to him announces "Congratulations, you have been saved by Onyx Dabudal.  Great warrior of the planet Kalbronkal.  You are now the property of Onyx, come closer so we can inspect you and decide your role!"  Without hesitation she was hit in the back by the butt of something which sent her to the ground towards this mysterious Onyx person.  She scrambled to her feet keeping an eye on the person who hit her and then made her way gingerly towards the throne.  After a very awkward few minutes whilst these two silently stared at every inch of her body Onyx bellows "Turn around!"  She nervously obides.  From this angle you can tell why his chair has been placed where it is.  The view of his ceiling and the intricate pattern on the door gives a nice view to look at. A foreign word was shouted from behind her and so she assumed it was another command to turn around, she hesitantly turned fearing that he might not have said that at all. After spinning back around he waves the guards forwards, "She shall be my sex slave.  Get her prepared for me to use."  Her heart sunk.  A sex slave, she had barely even had time to register that she had been sold to this monster of a man.  And now she's finding out that her trainwreck of a life has just taken a b-line into a dark corner I don't think anyone would want.  The guards wrestle her stationary body out of the room.  She tries to pull a few times but the blows they deliver aren't being pulled.  She's not a fan of this passing out business, at least this way she knows what's happening to her.  In another dark room she's strapped to a star-shaped bench so she can't move.  Some beings walk through the door and towards you.  The guards crack a whip and announce her new role as a Sex Slave, the beings get straight to work grabbing equipment as the guards leave.  Even though she's never seen any faces like the ones they've got, she can still recognise the look of resigned sorrow.  At least some people feel bad for her.  Not that these people will do anything to help her at all.  as they finish up dolling her up and making sure she can't move she hears something from behind the door.  She fears it's time.  The door creeks slowly open and as the sound gets longer and longer, she closes up more and more.  the shackles aren't letting her go any time soon but she really wishes they would right now.  Being in space had made her hot for some action before but this didn't seem right.

### 1.2.4. Given a chance to escape

Her arms ached from being stretched over that table for a week.  Sure shes been off it but only to eat, this monster is a ravenous being who only seems to enjoy life if he's deep inside her.  He's away today sorting out business and so she's got the day off, with this day she's hoping to be able to collect her thought, tend to her sore vagina, and adjust to life now.  She's a sex slave for a being she only knows the name of.  She's thinking of all that could happen here, could she end up giving birth to an alien baby.  Would she love it or would it repulse her.  It was like she was on a busy train and all the passengers were the thoughts shes having.  And as soon as she heard the voice from the door it's as if she stepped off and they kept going.  The fleeting company she was about to have was enough to quiet her mind.  When she focussed on the door she saw a being standing there with it's head in the flap in the door.  "I've been told to get you so we can give you a clean, you're starting to smell."  She was lead out of the room by two aliens, they wouldn't let their eyes off her the entire walk and it made her very uncomfortable.  She'd almost forgotten what it felt like to be dressed in clothes.  In the dressing room she is scrubbed thoroughly by three other women aliens, she now recognises them as the three who were getting her ready to see Onyx a week ago.  After a few moments of silence in her head and outloud one of them asks "Are you ok?"  This stuned her, she assumed they weren't allowed to speak.  She looked around the room and saw it was only them four in the room.  "Yea you, are you ok?  Are you hurt?"  The lady is applying some cream to her vagina whilst asking this.  "He's not hurt me no.  But it's not stopped all week."  They pass worried looks towards her.  "When he's doing that to you are you two alone?"  The tone of the conversation changed.  The way they spoke was different, more urgent.  "Yes, there was someone in there the first day but then after that it's just been him alone.  Why?"  One of them gets up and heads towards a cupboard on the other side of the room.  "We want to ask you to do something for us.  We've all been in your situation, most recently Jarna.  You saved her from him."  Looking at the alien who seemed to be Jarna she looked nervous, like she was sorry it's Karla's turn now.  I've been here for many years now and he's never had a carbon based person before.  I feel like he might want to keep you around for a while, we want to helpo you since you've helped him leave us alone."  It makes sense now about how they looked at her when they found out she was his sex slave.  They've all experienced it.  She suddenly feels really comforable around someone.  This has never happened in her entire life.  Even from a child when she lived in the orphanage, it felt like everyone was out to make her feel shitty, from pinning things on her to blindly accepting that she'd done it without asking for her side of it.  Without warning she spoke, she didn't realise she was about to speak, or even that she'd start tearing up.  "Thank you"  The lady doing most of the speaking instantly knew what to do, leaning in and giving her a hug, something she's craved her entire life.  After this heartfelt moment they all shared the vocal lady composed herself, finished with Karla, opting to keep the crying look, "I'm going to leave you looking like you've cried, he likes that."  Suddenly Karla got uneasy again, why is she trying to make her look more appealing? "No No!  I haven't explained yet, we want you to wear this." Showing the item they grabbed from the cupboard earlier.  "It sits inside you and as soon as he tries to pull himself out of you it will latch on and not let go."  This reminded her of a rape device she read about when she was younger.  Designed to grip onto the penis and not let go until a doctor could remove it.  It always seemed like an ingenious idea, and it seemed she was going to be able to try one out finally.  If only she'd known about this a few years ago when the police arrested her for 'falsly' accusing her of rape and giving her the ultimatum "You can either spend the rest of your life in prison or strip for us right now."  This device would've been a life saver for her.  "We've also been given the task of tying you back up again so were going to leave you with a loose knot.  As soon as he's been trapped in the device you need to break free and get our door opened.  You'll know which one it is because we're about to take you through it."This point of the plan scared her, she was going to be alone in the room with this thing and then have to get out of there without being hurt.  "We've got no more time, is it in Worantel?"  The nod only meant one thing to Karla, it was time to get fucked so they could fuck him up.  The door slid open and the table, lit in the middle of the room, invited her onboard again.

## 1.3. Second Chance

### 1.3.1. Escapes into escape pod

She had been tied up for hours before he showed up again.  As soon as the door shut he spoke. "I hear you've been washed.  Now I can finally stand to be in a room with you."  He spots the tear marks from before, and approaches her quickly with his trousers falling to his ankles.  "You've been crying have you?  You've got no reason to be upset you know."  He consoles her in the most heartless way whilst warming himself up.  As he enters his face changes from the fake concern for her and changes into a face of pain and mistrust.  He pulls himself away from her in horror but realises that the pain has stayed with him.  When he looks down he see's his penis turning from it's natural colour to more of a blood red colour.  His face changes from pain to anger as he steps towards her screaming but before he can get to her the cleaners barge through the door and start beating him.  As soon as he's on the ground and occupied one of the ladies runs up to her and releases her from the table.  "Run!  Get out of here!  We'll be right behind you."  She jolts into an air duct and bounds down it to a point she feels safe looking back for her new found friends but after a minute of waiting and hearing screams of horror and gunshots she decides that they're not going to be able to make it.  She continues running from the inhabitants of the ship she's on and realising she's probably not going to be able to get off the ship.  As usual one of the air duct vents opens and drops her into an outfit room.  Full of different bits of clothing.  She looks down at her naked body and thinks it'll probably be best to get herself dressed whilst she's here.  She notices a box which is labelled with a name she's heard one of the aliens mention in her direction so she opens the box cautiously.  Inside the box is some clothing that looks like it might fit her so she gives it a go.  To her surprise it seems that they were getting ready to dress her at some point.  Trying on the outfit, she didn't really like it but out of everything there it was her best option so she finished it off with a big poncho type jacket to keep her warm.  She's about to try and escape from somewhere she doesn't actually recognise to begin with.  How does she know what she's going to find?  Down the 11th windowless corridor she's hoping to find a way out of this hellhole building and into the streets where she can try and blend in.  Her knowledge with space shows has helped her recognise however, if she were ever to run past escape pods, which it looks like she just has. If that's the case then she's in a spot of trouble, how's she supposed to escape to the streets if there are no streets to escape to?  She decides to check inside one of the pods for a window and finds exactly what she didn't want to find.  A window leading straight out into space.  Before she can escape back into the hall to readjust her escape plan she hits one of the buttons which shuts and seals the door behind her.  She gets thrown backwards as the pod she's in jets off into space.

### 1.3.2. Getting the outfit she needs to survive

The setting she seemed to have pressed has taken her to the nearby planet of light woodland near a town. The trees weren't quite normal and when the escape hatch forced its self open she realised why.  The air wasn't breathable, at least for her.  Quick thinking she ended up finding a tank and mask which seemed to indicate oxygen.  When she put it on and opened the tap she could breath oxygen again.  She was in a little bit of trouble, being on a planet where she can't breath unaided with only one tank.
~~This spurred her to run towards the town she wasn't too far from.  In the entrance to the town some of the locals look at her, she's looking a little bit rough and of course she's just ran from an escape pod.  A family close by ushers her over so she cautiously heads over.  "What do you breath?  You look like you need some help.  In no time they'd managed to find her a few more containers of oxygen to put her at ease whilst they spoke to her.~~
_As she donned the oxygen mask and took the first breath she heard voices coming from outside the pod.  This frightened her somewhat, thinking that it was going to happen again, but to her suprise they popped their heads over and spoke in English.  "Hello there, we are pieceful." She subconsiously responds to this with apprehension.  I can see you understand me, have you been fitted with translator chip?" . She rubs the spot in which the translator chip was inserted, or where it feels like it has been anyway.  "Come on, we need to get you some help, we can find you more perminant breathing aparatus if you'd follow us."_
The lady is sat in a rocking chair whilst the guy runs about the house getting a few bits for her.  When she mentions to them that her skin is starting to hurt he stops and looks at her, then the oxygen, and then at his wife.  "She's an oxygen breather which means her planet has an oxygen rich atmosphere."  The wife shares his look of concern and responds. "She's never experienced solar rays."  In a flash they were up creating her an outfit out of a special fabric one of their neighbors had some leftovers of.  "This jacket should protect you from the solar rays."  She, confused, asks if they mean "Sun rays?  We've got sun rays on earth"  They explain that the solar rays aren't what she's thinking and that they're invisible to the eye but can eat her away like acid.  With her rich oxygen atmosphere she doesn't get exposed to them.  It only takes a few thousand layers of oxygen to protect her, if she were in a tank of oxygen then she'd be safe but this outfit will protect her.  They've given her a shoulder to heel jacket, gloves, and a big rimmed hat to protect her from them.  This was the small town that banded together to protect this newcomer.  They'd never heard such a story and didn't know the galaxy could be so cruel.  One of the nearby children helps her with her translator, changing it from unidirectional to fully-directional.  The usage of unidirectional is only ever for slaves, a way for the master to be in control and always have the respect of his slaves who will need to see him to hear him.

### 1.3.3. Learning about society in Space

She asks them to help her get accustomed to life in Space because she's decided, with all this life out here, she doesn't want to return to Earth ever again.  She decides to spend a bit of time here getting used to the people and learning all they have to teach her about space life.  The first thing she does is goes to a neighboring planet to get some parts to repair their houses.  Everyone in this town knows how to repair things because they live on a world that doesn't have as much of a structure as other planets.  On this other planet the colours are crazy.  All their lights are purple and they've got yellow tiled paths.  She walks around in awe at the beauty of the place but doesn't fail to learn that people in random places don't like people staring.  They collect the bits that they're needing and head back to the planet.  A few weeks go by with her learning different foods and how to cook them, a few basic self-defence fighting styles, and how society works.  It's strangly similar to Earth although she's on the right side of it this time, benefiting from the system rather than being fucked by it.  They've decided to go into town to collect some food supplies and ship parts for simple repairs, should they need them.
~~When they enter the atmosphere they notice the fuel gauge update suddenly to indicate that they're out, that was definitely a repair they needed, a new gauge. They drop out of the sky just near town but hopelessly far from a fuel station. Their trip is now less about collecting supplies and more about getting themselves off the planet's surface. It's a nice place but not somewhere you want to stay overnight. She asks what sort of fuel the ship takes as she has had a thought. Using a ship computer she researches some results of burning the ship fuel and decides her plan is feasable. She quickly writes out a shopping list and brings is back to the other guy in the ship. "We need to get these bits, I'll get these and you get those bits, we'll meet back here as soon as possible ok?" He agrees and heads into town. It's starting to get dark at this point and she's hoping she can remember how to make it. She never actually wrote the formula down, she just remembers how she got to the result. After a tense half an hour of searching she returns with her half of the ingredients. He's not returned yet but luckily she can start with the ingredients she's got. Hopefully she won't need his ingredients until he's back. She gets her half brewed up and keeps stirring it to delay the reaction from taking place as she watches the sky get darker and darker. Unfortunately as she's looking out the ship door she spots some lights heading towards her, they look like torches and are moving like torches too. She's not feeling too hopeful about her chances because shes not even got all the ingredients yet and if she stops stirring it's going to get very hot very quickly and possibly ruin her mix. She has spare ingredients but for a quick exit she wants to use the stuff she's made. As the lights get closer she realises they're definitely not the lights she's hoping for as three young aliens appear and ask her to vacate the ship for them. Another torch turns the corner as they ask this and she realises she only has to occupy them for a short time. "Sorry? I don't think I can. My friend wouldn't want me to give you his ship." She stops stirring, apparently getting distracted from what she was doing. They get onto the ramp and ask again, this time pointing their weapons at her. "You will give us this ship and we're gonna leave in it." Feeling the jar geetting hotter she decides to try and use it against them. In it's current state she believes it will stick to rough surfaces like the skin of a person. She decides to run a test to see if she's right by throwing the, now boiling, liquid onto the three young aliens. They each fall to the floor cradling the areas they've been hit on before realising they've transferred it onto their hands. "Now scram and wash it off you gremlins!" At this point the other guy has just caught up. He saw the commotion and ran as fast as he could. "Well done sticking up for yourself! That was impressive" "Thanks, I'm kinda getting bored of people telling me what to do. They finish making the formula and insert it into the fuel container with all their hope on it actually working, which it did.~~
_"careful around town, it's a nice place but that's only on the surface.  Everyone will try and rip you off in some way, you've just got to see the scam before it's too late."  Their shopping trip finishes and they head back to the ship.  After loading up they get into the cockpit and try to start the engine.  To their suprise it doesn't actually turn over.  This doesn't make sense because they made sure there was plenty of fuel for the round trip, they even noted that there was more than needed to get them here and back.  They decide to jump out and inspect the ship all over and whilst doing this they clock some guys heading there way with a little grin on their faces.  She turns to her friend and tells him to keep them occupied for a little while, she's got an idea.  She rushes off into the ship and as she does they ask the guy if they're alright.  They heard the engine failing and thought they'd come over to lend a hand.  He waves them away saying "No we're alright thank you.  We've figured it out"  A response this guy didn't like.  "Let us help. Don't be stingy when someone offers you help.  Now we've got some fuel over here that we think would be the perfect solution for your faulty ship."  The guy responds telling them that they've sorted it but thanks for the offer.  A knife comes out and is pointed towards the guy.  "Look we're selling this fuel to you whether you like it or not.  Whether you take the fuel after we've got the money is completely up to you."  The guy steps back and looks quite worried towards the cockpit where he sees the main character coming back out.  She's walking with purpose back towards the group of thugs, small vile in hand.  "Here!  Have your fucking money"  And she throws the contents onto the guy with the knife.  He instantly drops the knife and brings his hands up to his face to try and rub whatever it is off, with little success_

### 1.3.4. Making friends

The guy she was with started sharing the story of her scaring those people off and starting the ship with only a few bits from the shops. Everyone was so impressed with her.  They'd been teaching her all about living in space and here she is doing it successfully without their training.  She hadn't previously really told many people anout her Earth life because she didn't think they'd be interested, and even when they asked she thought they were just being polite.  but now everyone was asking her to tell them how she did it.  Where she learnt to do this.  And she started warming up to the idea that people could be interested in her story so she started opening up a bit.  Letting more and more people in, starting with the local children and then, the adults who were helping train her in different aspects of space life.  One day a ship broke the atmosphere and bellowed a ton of smoke attracting everyones attention.  The ship looked like a small fighter, from what they could see of it through the smoke, and judging by the damage it seems to have taken it must be a fighter.  It landed a few miles from the town so _main character_ and some others rush over to check on the passenger.  As they get closer they hear a gunshot from the ship.  Followed by a deep voice advertising his deal here "I've had enough hostilities, if you're friendly then we don't have any issues.  BUT, if you're here to steal from me or harm me in any way then we have a problem, and I don't want a problem.  Choose your next moves!"  _main character_ decides to slowly approach with some reassuring words.  "We're not here to harm.  We've come with first aid and tools to help repair your damage.  we're a peacefull town, we don't want any trouble either." . As she finished her sentence she popped her head over the top slowly to show him her face.  After a moment he stood tall and accepted her help out of the ship.  She confirmed he wanted his ship repairing and then left him in the capable hands of the first aiders whilst she turned back to get started with the repairs.  After a few hours they'd got it in working condition, it's amazing what you can do when there are a few of you working non-stop.  The next stop was the public house to share a drink with everyone and relax after repairing the ship.  When they entered the guy was sat at a table with a few guys just sharing some stories, laughing, drinking, and just generally fitting in really well with everyone.  This brought a smile to her face seeing her friends having fun.  She turned with the others towards the bar to pour themselves a drink, and after doing so the guy introduced himself.  "You're the lady that was able to refuel the ship with only a few off-the-shelf products right?"  She smiled because it seems like there is good everywhere, when you know where to look.  This complete stranger has just complimented her by wanting to speak to her, singling her out over the entire room of people.  "Yea that's me.  Did they all tell you about me then?"  "Yea they did and I would love to know more about how you learnt to make that stuff."  They both join back onto the table and just as they're about to sit down she turns to him and says "I'll tell you about it another time?" . In truth she wanted to know about the stories he had so joining in the table she enjoyed a few of the stories he hadn't told the table just yet.

### 1.3.5. Learning the stories of her adventures

Slowly everyone dissapears until it's just those two remaining.  She's really enjoying his stories and he just wants to be alone to know hers.  "So is now a good time to count as 'later'?" He asks.  She takes another sip of the alcohol.  It turns out their strong stuff is about 4% in Earth measurements.  Doesn't quite match up to what she was told by sci-fi stories, about everything space related is much more powerful and we could never hope to compete.  "I'm not sure.  I can tell you how I ended up here if you'd like?" . He gets himself more comfortable and turns himself to face her, the universal signal for approval of the idea.

#### 1.3.5.1. Not trusting of anyone

When I was younger my parents used to teach me about how to surive in the world.  They used to give me lessons like "Everything that goes up will eventually come down.  So I'm never too invested in anything because I know I will be let down by it eventually.  In fact she stopped for a minute and realised that she'd gotten so caught up in this colony that she forgot that it won't last.  And at this point it will only go downhill.  When she was growing up her friends and peers from school used to use her as a scapegoat quite often, even though she was just enjoying being around people that didn't mind her presence.  She never trusted authority because of how her parents treated her that when she was told off she'd never speak about what happened or tell them about anyone that had wronged her.  This is why they used her as a scapegoat, because they knew that they'd be safe from the outcome.  She took these lessons and adjusted as she was growing up.  In college she was more secluded but occasionally was approached by guys who seemed interested.  One person that really did get her was a guy she ended up getting with.  And they seemed to be perfect, she seemed to be making friends with his friends as well.  But something changed when a new girl started hanging out with them.  Her 'boyfriend' started hanging out with her a lot and she began getting jealous.  This lead to her loosing trust in him and hating her.  At the same time his friends started to be less friendly to her and she chalkeed this up to her luck running out.  It all ended when the other lady came up to her and tried to make piece by explaining that she didn't have eyes for him, and that they were just really close friends.  "It was the way she was saying it, like she was speaking down to me, she thought she was better than me.  I couldn't let her speak to me that way so i shoved her against the wall a few times!"  She tried to explain this to her boyfriend but he wouldn't have it and ended it immediately.  This was karma for thinking that she could have something perfect.

#### 1.3.5.2. Love for space

As a teenager my bed was under my bedroom window.  The only time I had any quiet from the world was when I would look up at the stars.  I tried to give the different stars names and back stories.  They became my friends and I'd confide in them all about my life.  Anything that happened, anyone who hurt me, the stars would always be there to support her and listen.  Her parents weren't ready to be parents and always relied on toys and punishment to get some piece and quiet from their 'nightmare child'.  For this reason she never wanted to come to them and tell them what was happening in her life, and they never really asked either.  When she got a little older her history teacher taught them about astronauts.  The ships they used and gave them one of the best bits of homework she could ever ask for.  When she got home with her research assignment she went straight up to her room, sat on the window-cill with her mothers tablet and got started straight away.  It was like she was given special permission to relax and do what she wanted to do for a change.  This assignment meant she had a good reason to ask to go to the space museum for the first time ever, which was life changing.  This trip is engrained in her head as the best part of her childhood.

### 1.3.6. Guy inviting her to see more wonders of space

Impressed with the stories of her past, the traveller decides to invite her to go into space with him to see more of space, knowing that all she's seen so far is this planet and the the corrupt planet with a busy space port.  She instantly aggrees because who wouldn't want to see more of what they've been longing to see for their whole life?  After a few goodbyes and a small bag having been packed she heads to the ship to see more of the wonders space holds.  Watching intently she takes in some of the procedures it takes to fly a more commercialised ship.  The one's shes flown so far haven't been this confusing.  The one that got her off-planet did most of it for her, it was built to be a leisure vessel between ports/locations on Earth.  And the one this little colony had was home-built.  Only had the few controls they'd need to travel to the next planet.  This one was built for almost everything she could conceive.  Controls for sub-orbital flight, a control surface to switch to the other forms of flight this ship allows; orbital-flight and interplanetary.  This also comes with a whole comms array, equipt for handling distress-beacons coming in and out, communications, and streaming of data.  This is only the surface of what she'd recognised in this cockpit, which looked way busier than what she'd seen on images of commercial planes on Earth.  as they approached the edge of the atmosphere he flicked a switch which moved their seats slightly, adjusted his controls and seemed to change the power the ship was giving out.  He looked over and asked "Are you ready to see more?"  To which she responded "Hell Yes!"  He pushed the controls forward suddenly and the adjustment of the cockpit made sense as she was forced into the seat where her movement was severely hindered.

## 1.4. Introduction to space flight and her calling in life

*These next sections are possible alternate storylines.  I will write them out a bit and see which one I prefer*

### 1.4.1. Nomad Helper

Their first stop after a thrilling flight through space takes them through a space port and into a bustling mining town.  It feels quite western with the desolate land and occasional hut with people chatting and seeming friendly.  that sort of behaviour however didn't seem to fit into a Clint Eastwood film but despite that it did feel like the place you could go for a shootout.  She asked what they were doing here and he responded with "I was actually on a job when I crash-landed on your planet.  The people chasing me were the people I was hired to stop.  I'm here to hopefully recruit some help.  You know this town, because of it's enormous infrastructure for mining, is the perfect place to find some nigh-on idescructable equipment; and some almost indescructable mercenaries.  They pop into a library and sit down at a computer.  "I just need to use a computer to find the nearest settlement who could help us."  This planet seems to have it's own form of internet, however with it not having had as big a take-off as it did on Earth, is being used for it's intended purpose.  A pool of resources for people to use.  Within a few minutes he'd written down a list of places to check out.  He'd ranked them by speciality.  From stealth, to strength, and numbers.  He now just had the task of figuring out what was his best approach to finishing his job.  They pop down the road to a coffee shop wherehe ordered them a drink each, she didn't know what she was looking at.  "You know I've got to get you a visual translator fitted as well.  It's a life changer."  He used this moment to explain what his job was:

| Interested Party | Target | Mission | Best Method |
| ---------------- | ------ | ------- | ----------- |
| A family who are being hounded by a higher power to give their land over after a bet went ary in a local pub. | A big clan interested in the land they've technically won | Convince or disuade this clan from collecting on what they think is theirs because who actually bargained it was not a member of the family, rather a person who married into land and tried to make himself rich with it | To Be Decided |

His method he's already tried is one of a more diplomatic method, they don't, however, like the idea of giving over their winnings simply because the man who gave it to them didn't have full ownership of the land.  This meant that his only other option is to disuade them from wanting the land.  After being told the mission she decided she wanted to get in on the planning.  It might be fun to see how they can play this.

#### 1.4.1.1. Scenario 1 - Stealthy

> The Clan have a mobile base which is currently circling nearby the planet with land.  They are yet to settle down and would like to make this plot of land their first base.  This means they have no fixed location so being stealthy would require a fair bit of planning.  First and foremost making sure the ship is going to be where they want it to be.  Next would be trying to get on-board.  After that they'd need to make their way around the ship to find something of value to bargian with.  Such as a member of the leading family.  Exploring this avenue they notice that the leader has a daughter who he seems very attached to.  This would be a good option as it would be a great bargaining chip and also a guarantee that they wouldn't get shot down whilst in posission of her.  This would be ideal for dealing with the negotiations.

#### 1.4.1.2. Scenario 2 - Strength

> With strength on their side they could quite easily deal a plentiful amount of damage.  Their first priority with this power would to be to plug the main causes for concern.  A docking port on the top and the bottom of their main ship.  With these blown up their ships would be way less likely to be able to fun counter attacks against their numbers.  Leaving the only other weak-spots being the guns on all sides of the ship.  With some small but powerful ships they could take out the majority of these guns whilst mortar ships could blast a few holes in the hull from afar.  This kind of damage could deter the clan from wanting to bother the family again as they would need to spend a lot of their vital resources rebuilding the ship.

#### 1.4.1.3. Scenario 3 - Numbers

> Their final option involves hiring a group of mercenaries who don't quite have the firepower of the last group.  Their skills however are in their numbers and ship speed.  They pride themselves on purpose-built light attack ships.  With this sort of army they could fight the waves of enemy fighters whilst dealing some decent damage to the bridge of the ship.  When you've not got as much firepower a few precise hits to the right area could make your enemy choose to back away.  Wih this plan the majority of their fighters could focus on drawing fire from the fighters whilst the few faster fighters could make attack runs on the bridge.  With fighters on the field they shouldn't need to worry about the guns on the side of the ship.

All these scenarios seem to provide some great assistance to their overall mission whilst also providing great downfalls to their plan.  After all this brainstorming it gets to the point where they should probably rest for the night.  Their last task is to deliver the mission to the three different mercenary groups to see how they would plan on helping.  After doing this they grabbed a bite to eat at the public house before retiring in the ship to think on their options.